Introduce fail/pass check thresholds to prevent flapping (#78)
hashicorp/consul-esm: README.md

// The method to use for pinging external nodes. Defaults to "udp" but can
// also be set to "socket" to use ICMP (which requires root privileges).
ping_type = "udp"

> // how many failed checks trigger a state update to critical

Author: Exactly. And let me give you another example stating the value of the counter:
`failures_before_critical = 2` "PASS(0), FAIL(1), FAIL(2), PASS(1), FAIL(2), FAIL(status change and counter reset)"

By decrementing instead of resetting the counter on that PASS we prevent the situation where a:

"PASS(0), FAIL(1), FAIL(2), PASS(0), FAIL(1), FAIL(2), PASS(0), FAIL(1), FAIL(2), PASS(0), FAIL(1), FAIL(2)" would never trigger the status change, which does not seem like what we would want.

> // how many failed checks trigger a state update to critical

Reviewer: Helpful. Thank you for the clarification, particularly around the decrement behavior. That makes sense to me.

failures_before_critical = 1

// how many successful checks trigger a state update to passing

> success_before_passing = 1

Reviewer: It looks like these are currently defaulting to 0 in the code. These values can be set to 1 in `config.go` DefaultConfig()

Author: I have fixed this to be 0.

Reviewer: Sounds good. 0 also aligns with the consul implementation, which is great

 	statsd_address = ""
 	statsite_address = ""
}

> // how many counted successful checks trigger a state update to passing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The number of additional successful checks needed to trigger a status update to
// passing. Defaults to 0, meaning the status will update to passing on the
// first successful check.
```

passing_threshold = 0

> // how many counted failed checks trigger a state update to critical

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The number of additional failed checks needed to trigger a status update to
// critical. Defaults to 0, meaning the status will update to critical on the
// first failed check.
```

critical_threshold = 0
```

> [HCL]: https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl "HashiCorp Configuration Language (HCL)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[HCL]: https://github.com/hashicorp/hcl "HashiCorp Configuration Language (HCL)"

### Threshold for Updating Check Status

To prevent flapping, thresholds for updating a check status can be configured by `passing_threshold`
and `critical_threshold` such that a check will update and switch to be passing / critical after an
additional number of consecutive or non-consecutive checks.

By default, these configurations are set to 0, which retains the original ESM behavior. If the status
of a check is 'passing', then the next failed check will cause the status to update to be 'critical'.
Hence, the first failed check causes the update and 0 additional checks are needed.

If a check is currently 'passing' and configuration is `critical_threshold=3`, then after the first
failure, 3 additional consecutive failures (4 in total) are needed in order to update the status to 'critical'.

ESM also employs a counting system that allows for non-consecutive checks to aggregate and update
the check status. This counting system increments when a check result is the opposite of the current status
and decrements when same as the current status.

For an example of how non-consecutive checks are counted, we have a check that has the status
'passing', `critical_threshold=3`, and the counter is at 0 (c=0). The following pattern of pass/fail
will decrement/increment the counter as such:

`PASS (c=0), FAIL (c=1), FAIL (c=2), PASS (c=1), FAIL (c=2), FAIL (c=3), PASS (c=2), FAIL (c=3), FAIL (c=4)`

When the counter reaches 4 (1 initial fail + 3 additional fails), the critical_threshold is met and
the check status will update to 'critical' and the counter will reset.

Note: this implementation diverges from [Consul's anti-flapping thresholds][Consul Anti-Flapping], which
counts total consecutive checks.

[Consul Anti-Flapping]: https://www.consul.io/docs/agent/checks#success-failures-before-passing-critical "Consul Agent Success/Failures before passing/critical"
```
